all right the almighty Cosmo
so cosmos is actually an old-school
drink it's been around for a while and
it wasn't that popular until a little
show came along called Sex in the City
and now these things are all the rage
because I'm sure you've seen that show
and I'm sure you've seen those girls
drinking cosmos a Cosmo to help you
remember this drink in a Cosmo vodka
tastes like crap I know it doesn't
really make any sense because cosmo is
our tasty and delicious but just to help
you remember any Cosmo vodka tastes like
crap this is just a little line where
the first letters are an acronym for the
ingredients vodka and that's of course
is vodka taste so T is triple sec like L
that's lime juice crap C cranberry juice
so remember any Cosmo vodka tastes like
crap and these things are made straight
up into a glass so that means we need to
shake and show them third to a half a
tin of ice
main alcohol vodka we're gonna go on
bounce and a half or a six count one two
three four five six vodka tastes triple
sec in a half ounce one two like hell
lime juice about a half ounce one two
crap
cranberry juice now if your cranberry
juice you need about an ounce just about
you don't have to be exact but it's just
a battle and a 1 ounce splash then
you're gonna shake this thing up
then strain this on out of there and for
your garnish cosmos get a lemon twist so
you take your little lemon peel right
off of there how I've showed you how to
make twist it over the drink drop it in
there there you go Cosmo gonna make a
lot of those things